How to use Team 53's Web Application:


As a User:
Start by going to the web address <insert address> in your browser.
From here, you can log in or go to the account sign up page.
There are also links on the navigation bar leading to "About" and "Help" pages.
You can login with the username "user" and password "user".
This is the only user already loaded in the database. 
This takes you to the User page.

The "About" page explains the game.
The "Help" page contains some FAQ with answers.
The navigation bar will now also have a "Home" button which takes you back to the login page.
If you are logged in then there will also be a "Return to User Page" button on the screen.

On the sign up page you can create a new user.
On the left side of the screen you can change your avatar. 
The currently selected avatar will be larger and darker than the others.
The blue avatar is chosen by default.
On the right side of the screen you can enter your username and password.
The username cannot already be in use by another user.
If the account creation is successful theen you will be taken to the User page.

Once logged in, every screen will have a "Log Out" button which returns you to the login page.
From here, you can click "View Profile" to go to a page with links to other
pages where you will be able to change your password or avatar.
Click on "Enter Game".

This takes you to the game screen.
You will be able to see and chat with other users if they are in the same room as you. 
To chat with other users, click on the box on the left side of the game screen that says "Chat here".
Then you can type a message and either hit "post" or the enter key.
You will be able to travel between rooms by clicking on the orange arrows.
You can move around the room by clicking anywhere within the game window.
From here, you can click on "Exit Game" to return to the user page, or "Log Out"
to return to the login page.


As an Admin:
Start by going to the web address <insert address> in your browser.
Log in with username "admin" and password "admin".
This is the only admin loaded in the database and it is not possible to create another using the app.

This takes you to the Admin page.
Once logged in, every screen will have a "Log Out" button which returns you to the login page.
From here, you can click "View Profile" to go to a page with links to other
pages where you will be able to change your password.
You can click on "Enter Game" or "View/Modify Users".

This takes you to the game screen.
You will be able to see and chat with other users if they are in the same room as you. 
To chat with other users, click on the box on the left side of the game screen that says "Chat here".
Then you can type a message and either hit "post" or the enter key.
You will be able to travel between rooms by clicking on the orange arrows.
You can move around the room by clicking anywhere within the game window.
From here, you can click on "Exit Game" to return to the user page, or "Log Out"
to return to the login page.

Clicking on "View/Modify Users" takes you to the user list screen.
All currently signed up users will be listed in this table.
You can search for a particular user by entering their username in the search bar and pressing "Search".
You can click on "Add new user" or "Edit User" which is next to each user.

Clicking on "Add new user" takes you to the new user page.
Here you can create a new user with a username and password and pick an avatar for them.
The avatar currently selected is shown by a red box.
You can either click "Add new user" to create the user or "Cancel" to go back to the previous page.

Clicking on "Edit User" takes you to the page to edit the selected user.
Here you will be able to click "Edit avatar" to change the users avatar.
The avatar currently selected is shown by a red box.
You can also click "Edit" next to the "Username" to change the users current username.
You can click "Change Password" to be able to change the users password.
You can click "Delete User" to delete the user.
A box will pop up confirming that you want to delete the user.
Press "Ok" to confirm.
You can click "Save changes" to return you to the user list page or "Cancel" to do the same without saving.


Overview of routes:
POST signup:
Expecting a username: string, password: string, avatar: string, admin: boolean
Uses these to create a new user in the database with a hashed password.
Returns the newly created user.

GET users:
No data expected to be sent.
Gets all the users in the database.

GET user:
Expecting a username: string.
Gets information for one user.

DELETE user:
Expecting a username: string.
Deletes the user from the database.
Returns the deleted user.

PATCH user:
Expecting a username: string, avatar: string, password: string.
If no password was entered then only the users username and avatar are changed.
Else the password is hashed and all three are updated.
Returns the updated user.

POST login:
Expecting a username: string, password: string.
Creates a new logged in user.
Returns the new user.

PATCH signup:
Expecting a username: string, avatar: string.
Updates the username and avatar for the user.
Returns the updated user.

PATCH pass:
Expecting a username: string, password: string.
Updates the username and password for the user.
Hashes the password in the process.
Returns the updated user.

POST chatlog:
Expecting time: Date, user: string, msg: string.
Adds the message to the chatlog database.
Returns the added message.

GET chatlog:
No data expected.
Returns the chatlog.

DELETE chatlog:
No data expected.
Deletes the entire chatlog.
Returns the deleted chatlog.

POST onlineUsers:
Expecting time: Date, username: string, avatar: string, room: number.
Adds the user to the database of users currently online.
Returns the added user.

GET onlineUsers:
No data expected.
Returns all users currently online.

DELETE onlineUsers:
Expecting time: Date.
Deletes all users that were added to the database more than 5 seconds ago.
Returns the deleted user. 