How to use Team 53's Web Application:


As a User:
Start by opening the file index/index.html in your browser.
From here, you can log in or go to the account sign up page.
There are also links on the navigation bar leading to "About" and "Help" pages.
Log in with username "user" and password "user".

This takes you to the User page.
Once logged in, every screen will have a "Log Out" button which returns you to the index page.
From here, you can click "View Profile" to go to a page with links to other
pages where you will be able to change your password or avatar.
Click on "Enter Game".

This takes you to the game screen.
You will be able to see and chat with other users if they are in the same room
as you. You will be able to travel between rooms by clicking on the orange
arrows.
From here, you can click on "Exit Game" to return to the user page, or "Log Out"
to return to the index page.


As an Admin:
Start by opening the file index/index.html in your browser.
Log in with username "admin" and password "admin".

This takes you to the Admin page.
Once logged in, every screen will have a "Log Out" button which returns you to the index page.
From here, you can click "View Profile" to go to a page with links to other
pages where you will be able to change your password.
You can click on "Enter Game" or "View/Modify Users".

Clicking on "Enter Game" takes you to the game screen.
You will be able to see and chat with other users if they are in the same room
as you. You will be able to travel between rooms by clicking on the orange
arrows.
From here, you can click on "Exit Game" to return to the admin page, or "Log Out"
to return to the index page.

Clicking on "View/Modify Users" takes you to the user list screen.
All currently signed up users will be listed in this table.
You can click on "Add new user" or "Edit User" which is next to each user.

Clicking on "Add new user" takes you to the new user page.
Here you can create a new user with a username and password and pick an avatar for them.
You can either click "Add new user" to create the user or "Cancel" to go back to the previous page.

Clicking on "Edit User" takes you to the page to edit the selected user.
Here you will be able to click "Edit avatar" to change the users avatar.
You can also click "Edit" next to the "Username" or "Password" to change the
users current username and password.
You can click "Save changes" to return you to the user list page or "Cancel" to do the same without saving.
